README.md, before:

# Jasmine JSON test results report

> Save Jasmine test results as a JSON file

A jasmine JSON test reporter to create test reports that follow the CTRF standard.

[Common Test Report Format](https://ctrf.io) ensures the generation of uniform JSON test reports, independent of programming languages or test framework in use.

⭐ **If you find this project useful, consider giving it a GitHub star** ⭐ It means a lot to us and helps us grow this open source library.

## Features

- Generate JSON test reports that are [CTRF](https://ctrf.io) compliant
- Straightforward integration with jasmine

```json
{
  "results": {
    "tool": {
      "name": "jasmine"
    },
    "summary": {
      "tests": 1,
      "passed": 1,
      "failed": 0,
      "pending": 0,
      "skipped": 0,
      "other": 0,
      "start": 1706828654274,
      "stop": 1706828655782
    },
    "tests": [
      {
        "name": "ctrf should generate the same report with any tool",
        "status": "passed",
        "duration": 100
      }
    ],
    "environment": {
      "appName": "MyApp",
      "buildName": "MyBuild",
      "buildNumber": "1"
    }
  }
}
```

## What is CTRF?

CTRF is a universal JSON test report schema that addresses the lack of a standardized format for JSON test reports.

**Consistency Across Tools:** Different testing tools and frameworks often produce reports in varied formats. CTRF ensures a uniform structure, making it easier to understand and compare reports, regardless of the testing tool used.

**Language and Framework Agnostic:** It provides a universal reporting schema that works seamlessly with any programming language and testing framework.

**Facilitates Better Analysis:** With a standardized format, programatically analyzing test outcomes across multiple platforms becomes more straightforward.

## Installation

```bash
npm install --save-dev jasmine-ctrf-json-reporter
```

Add the reporter to your spec/helpers file:

```javascript
const CtrfReporter = require('jasmine-ctrf-json-reporter')

jasmine.getEnv().addReporter(new CtrfReporter({}))
```

Run your tests:

```bash
npx jasmine
```

You'll find a JSON file named `ctrf-report.json` in the `ctrf` directory.

## Reporter Options

The reporter supports several configuration options:

```javascript
jasmine.getEnv().addReporter(
  new CtrfReporter({
    outputFile: 'custom-name.json', // Optional: Output file name. Defaults to 'ctrf-report.json'.
    outputDir: 'custom-directory', // Optional: Output directory path. Defaults to 'ctrf'.
    appName: 'MyApp', // Optional: Specify the name of the application under test.
    appVersion: '1.0.0', // Optional: Specify the version of the application under test.
    osPlatform: 'linux', // Optional: Specify the OS platform.
    osRelease: '18.04', // Optional: Specify the OS release version.
    osVersion: '5.4.0', // Optional: Specify the OS version.
    buildName: 'MyApp Build', // Optional: Specify the build name.
    buildNumber: '100', // Optional: Specify the build number.
  })
)
```

## Test Object Properties

The test object in the report includes the following [CTRF properties](https://ctrf.io/docs/schema/test):

| Name       | Type   | Required | Details                                                                             |
| ---------- | ------ | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `name`     | String | Required | The name of the test.                                                               |
| `status`   | String | Required | The outcome of the test. One of: `passed`, `failed`, `skipped`, `pending`, `other`. |
| `duration` | Number | Required | The time taken for the test execution, in milliseconds.                             |
| `message`  | String | Optional | The failure message if the test failed.                                             |
| `trace`    | String | Optional | The stack trace captured if the test failed.                                        |

## Support Us

If you find this project useful, consider giving it a GitHub star ⭐ It means a lot to us.

Commit message:

docs: we need your help :)

README.md, after:

# Jasmine JSON test results report

> Save Jasmine test results as a JSON file

A jasmine JSON test reporter to create test reports that follow the CTRF standard.

[Common Test Report Format](https://ctrf.io) ensures the generation of uniform JSON test reports, independent of programming languages or test framework in use.

⭐ **If you find this project useful, consider giving it a GitHub star** ⭐

It means a lot to us and helps us grow this open source library.

## We need your help

We believe CTRF can save **a lot** of time for engineers, a single data serialisation report, well structured, community driven and works with any framework. For over 30s years software engineers have used a de facto data serialisation report, you know the one! But we feel it’s time to modernise.

The only way we can grow CTRF is with your help and the support of the software engineering community.

## How can you help?

- Join and build with us! We are looking for [contributors](https://github.com/ctrf-io), get involved in this early stage project. All contributions are welcome.
- Give this repository a star ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
- Follow the CTRF [GitHub organisation](https://github.com/ctrf-io)
- Clap for our medium articles (30 times each) 👏
- Share, share share! Discord, Reddit, Twitter, LinkedIn, Slack, Teams, whereever! - please share our [libraries](https://github.com/orgs/ctrf-io/repositories), our [homepage](https://www.ctrf.io/), our [Medium articles](https://medium.com/@ma11hewthomas)
- Maybe even write a blog about us!
- Try our [tools](https://github.com/orgs/ctrf-io/repositories)

**Thank you so much!!**

## Features

- Generate JSON test reports that are [CTRF](https://ctrf.io) compliant
- Straightforward integration with jasmine

```json
{
  "results": {
    "tool": {
      "name": "jasmine"
    },
    "summary": {
      "tests": 1,
      "passed": 1,
      "failed": 0,
      "pending": 0,
      "skipped": 0,
      "other": 0,
      "start": 1706828654274,
      "stop": 1706828655782
    },
    "tests": [
      {
        "name": "ctrf should generate the same report with any tool",
        "status": "passed",
        "duration": 100
      }
    ],
    "environment": {
      "appName": "MyApp",
      "buildName": "MyBuild",
      "buildNumber": "1"
    }
  }
}
```

## What is CTRF?

CTRF is a universal JSON test report schema that addresses the lack of a standardized format for JSON test reports.

**Consistency Across Tools:** Different testing tools and frameworks often produce reports in varied formats. CTRF ensures a uniform structure, making it easier to understand and compare reports, regardless of the testing tool used.

**Language and Framework Agnostic:** It provides a universal reporting schema that works seamlessly with any programming language and testing framework.

**Facilitates Better Analysis:** With a standardized format, programatically analyzing test outcomes across multiple platforms becomes more straightforward.

## Installation

```bash
npm install --save-dev jasmine-ctrf-json-reporter
```

Add the reporter to your spec/helpers file:

```javascript
const CtrfReporter = require('jasmine-ctrf-json-reporter')

jasmine.getEnv().addReporter(new CtrfReporter({}))
```

Run your tests:

```bash
npx jasmine
```

You'll find a JSON file named `ctrf-report.json` in the `ctrf` directory.

## Reporter Options

The reporter supports several configuration options:

```javascript
jasmine.getEnv().addReporter(
  new CtrfReporter({
    outputFile: 'custom-name.json', // Optional: Output file name. Defaults to 'ctrf-report.json'.
    outputDir: 'custom-directory', // Optional: Output directory path. Defaults to 'ctrf'.
    appName: 'MyApp', // Optional: Specify the name of the application under test.
    appVersion: '1.0.0', // Optional: Specify the version of the application under test.
    osPlatform: 'linux', // Optional: Specify the OS platform.
    osRelease: '18.04', // Optional: Specify the OS release version.
    osVersion: '5.4.0', // Optional: Specify the OS version.
    buildName: 'MyApp Build', // Optional: Specify the build name.
    buildNumber: '100', // Optional: Specify the build number.
  })
)
```

## Test Object Properties

The test object in the report includes the following [CTRF properties](https://ctrf.io/docs/schema/test):

| Name       | Type   | Required | Details                                                                             |
| ---------- | ------ | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `name`     | String | Required | The name of the test.                                                               |
| `status`   | String | Required | The outcome of the test. One of: `passed`, `failed`, `skipped`, `pending`, `other`. |
| `duration` | Number | Required | The time taken for the test execution, in milliseconds.                             |
| `message`  | String | Optional | The failure message if the test failed.                                             |
| `trace`    | String | Optional | The stack trace captured if the test failed.                                        |

## Support Us

If you find this project useful, consider giving it a GitHub star ⭐ It means a lot to us.
